Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
Leave it alone. Why provoke him?
Allow me…
BKA.
Is this your place?
So you're a regular. yes?
Ever seen him in here?
Yesterday. I think.
What time?
Around 7.
He was sat over there…
…with another British guy.
British?
Yeah.
Kind of an officer type.
A bit… full of himself.
Three months of this shit.
Control…
We're 27 minutes out from Bergmannstrasse.
Where are you off to?
I don't like it.
If you can't guarantee
he'll be at the handover.
then you must stop the convoy.
This is Wagon 2600.
We are about 20 minutes
from Bergmannstrasse.
Otto! Are you okay?
Where is Sam?
ETA 7 minutes.
I'm not buying it.
He's doing it again.
We have to stop the convoy.
Try him one last time.
Abort.
Copy that.
Get us off the street.
I should have kept my mouth shut.
Darling!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm